Updated OnlineAudioFile PS cmdlet description (#8301)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Remove-CsOnlineAudioFile.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Hosted.dll-help.xml 
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/remove-csonlineaudiofile
applicable: Microsoft Teams
author: jenstrier
ms.author: jenstr
ms.reviewer: 
manager:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-CsOnlineAudioFile

## SYNOPSIS
Marks an audio file of application type TenantGlobal for deletion and later removal (within 24 hours).

> [!NOTE]
> **Preview** The use of this cmdlet is in Public Preview.

## SYNTAX

```powershell

> Remove-CsOnlineAudioFile -Identity] <string>  [<CommonParameters>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove-CsOnlineAudioFile -Identity <string>  [<CommonParameters>]

```

```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet marks an audio file of application type TenantGlobal for deletion and later removal.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
Remove-CsOnlineAudioFile -Identity dcfcc31daa9246f29d94d0a715ef877e
```
This cmdlet marks the audio file with Id dcfcc31daa9246f29d94d0a715ef877e for deletion and later removal.

## PARAMETERS

### -Identity
The Id of the specific audio file that you would like to mark for deletion.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

> Please note that using this cmdlet on other application types like OrgAutoAttendant and HuntGroup does not make the audio file for deletion. These kind of audio files will automatically be deleted, when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that using this cmdlet on other application types like OrgAutoAttendant and HuntGroup does not mark the audio file for deletion. These kinds of audio files will automatically be deleted, when

```
